#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==6.0.0
    # via flask-restplus
apscheduler==3.6.1
    # via flask-monitoringdashboard
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==19.1.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
celery==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2019.3.9
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
    #   flask-monitoringdashboard
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
colorhash==1.0.2
    # via flask-monitoringdashboard
configparser==3.8.1
    # via flask-monitoringdashboard
dateparser==1.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==4.4.0
    # via validators
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via pymongo
flask==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-monitoringdashboard
    #   flask-restplus
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-monitoringdashboard==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restplus==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==19.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via flask
jsonschema==3.0.1
    # via flask-restplus
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
lxml==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   webargs
numpy==1.24.2
    # via flask-monitoringdashboard
packaging==21.3
    # via redis
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.9.2
    # via flask-monitoringdashboard
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.15.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via dateparser
python-dotenv==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   celery
    #   dateparser
    #   flask-monitoringdashboard
    #   flask-restplus
    #   tzlocal
redis==4.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2019.4.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
requests-file==1.4.3
    # via tldextract
six==1.12.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   click-repl
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-restplus
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
soupsieve==1.9.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.3.7
    # via flask-monitoringdashboard
supervisor==4.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
tldextract==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tzlocal==1.5.1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   dateparser
    #   flask-monitoringdashboard
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webargs==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.11.1
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
